c:\users\shlyanin_sa\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestGenerator\TestGenerator\bin\Debug\TestGenerator.exe.config
c:\users\shlyanin_sa\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestGenerator\TestGenerator\bin\Debug\TestGenerator.exe
c:\users\shlyanin_sa\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestGenerator\TestGenerator\bin\Debug\TestGenerator.pdb
c:\users\shlyanin_sa\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestGenerator\TestGenerator\obj\Debug\TestGenerator.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\shlyanin_sa\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestGenerator\TestGenerator\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\shlyanin_sa\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestGenerator\TestGenerator\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\shlyanin_sa\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestGenerator\TestGenerator\obj\Debug\TestGenerator_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\shlyanin_sa\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestGenerator\TestGenerator\obj\Debug\TestGenerator_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\shlyanin_sa\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestGenerator\TestGenerator\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\shlyanin_sa\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestGenerator\TestGenerator\obj\Debug\TestGenerator.g.resources
c:\users\shlyanin_sa\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestGenerator\TestGenerator\obj\Debug\TestGenerator.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\shlyanin_sa\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestGenerator\TestGenerator\obj\Debug\TestGenerator.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\shlyanin_sa\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestGenerator\TestGenerator\obj\Debug\TestGenerator.exe
c:\users\shlyanin_sa\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestGenerator\TestGenerator\obj\Debug\TestGenerator.pdb
c:\users\shlyanin_sa\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestGenerator\TestGenerator\obj\Debug\InputControl.g.cs
c:\users\shlyanin_sa\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestGenerator\TestGenerator\obj\Debug\InputControl.baml
c:\users\shlyanin_sa\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestGenerator\TestGenerator\obj\Debug\PreviewControl.g.cs
c:\users\shlyanin_sa\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestGenerator\TestGenerator\obj\Debug\QuestionControl.g.cs
c:\users\shlyanin_sa\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestGenerator\TestGenerator\obj\Debug\PreviewControl.baml
c:\users\shlyanin_sa\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestGenerator\TestGenerator\obj\Debug\QuestionControl.baml
C:\Users\shlyanin_sa\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestGenerator\TestGenerator\obj\Debug\AnswerControl.g.cs
C:\Users\shlyanin_sa\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestGenerator\TestGenerator\obj\Debug\AnswerControl.baml
C:\Users\shlyanin_sa\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestGenerator\TestGenerator\obj\Debug\ResultControl.g.cs
C:\Users\shlyanin_sa\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestGenerator\TestGenerator\obj\Debug\ResultControl.baml
